Review 1:
The S22 Ultra is easy to use. The phone ships with Android 13 and Samsung's One UI 5.0. There is no bloatware included. Like with other Samsung phones, there is a plethora of customization options. The screen is highly responsive to taps, and there is no issue whatsoever with tapping the screen and it failing to respond or requiring additional taps. This is even without the increased touchscreen sensitivity option being turned on.Many S22 Ultra owners have criticized the phone’s battery life; however, I find the battery life to be good and quite sufficient. The phone takes the best photos of any phone I have ever used.The in-screen fingerprint reader is so fast that it is almost instantaneous and just about as fast as a traditional back-mounted fingerprint reader. The face recognition is also very fast and will recognize your face even at an angle, which is something my former Samsung A53 5G could not do.The S22 Ultra is supreme at multi-tasking. No other phone I’ve ever used can multi-task like this one. In fact, there is no real need to even close apps. I can have maybe 15+ apps open at once with no slowdown whatsoever. Apps launch and perform blazing fast.There is an excellent feature included that will test your hearing ability at different sound frequencies and adapt the sound output to your particular hearing ability profile. With headphones on, I couldn't believe how good the sound was.Now, for the nitpicks: I have been able to identify two and only two nitpicks with this phone. The first is that the sound quality on the phone’s speakers is mediocre and not what you would expect from a $900 phone. There is a substantial amount of crackling and distortion when the speakers are cranked all the way up. The sound quality on my former Moto G (2020) Power was light years ahead. Maybe the particular S22 Ultra that I received was just a faulty one.The second nitpick is that Samsung’s Separate App Sound feature, which lets you play some sound through Bluetooth and some sound through the phone’s speakers, is buggy, difficult, and unwieldy to use. I wish there was some way to simply always play music through my car’s Bluetooth system and have all other sounds play through the phone’s speakers. Despite this, Samsung has made a step in the right direction – other phones don’t even include a feature like this, so even though the feature is difficult to use and doesn’t work optimally, at least it is included.Now that the S23 Ultra is out, the S22 Ultra is selling for a discounted price. If you can afford the S22 Ultra, are looking for one of the very fastest and most capable phones on the market, and can deal with the fair sound quality, then get this phone!Read full review...

Review 2:
very bad experience.  incorrect product lies when describing the product information it takes forever to ship the device I bought is locked with a Google account it also specifies that it is 512GB and it is 128 it is very malicious the sale I really had a bad experience and that too upset.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THAT YOU BUY ANYTHING FROM HIM.  THEY WILL GET A TREMENDOUS SURPRISE.Read full review...

Review 3:
PROS:Nice camerasbeautiful and wider screens pen120hz refreshCONSAverage/poor battery life. Worse than the S21 Ultra.Curved screen. Discoloration at the edges and image distortion. Back of the phone is easily scratched.Read full review...

Review 4:
Excellent display. Quick loading. I like the size and the s pen. Notes is a nice feature

Review 5:
After 2 months of use, I have to say that this phone is in excellent conditions, long battery,  excellent camera . By the way, overall about this phome is good.

Review 6:
Very large and bright screen and processor is very fast.

Review 7:
I use to have Samsung Note, good performance and durability

Review 8:
Excellent item, works perfect, AAAA++++

Review 9:
Good storage (what i bought it for) but battery isn't great and is bigger than I am used to.

Review 10:
It's good phone thanks

